Bio amptool (#5)
upsidedownlabs/Chords-Python: README.md

## BioAmp-Tool-Python

> The BioAmp Tool is a Python script designed to interface with an Arduino-based bioamplifier, read data from it, and optionally log this data to CSV or stream it via Lab Streaming Layer (LSL). It provides real-time data processing and statistical analysis over 10-second and 10-minute intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BioAmp Tool is a Python script designed to interface with an Arduino-based bioamplifier, read data from it, and optionally log this data to CSV or stream it via the Lab Streaming Layer (LSL).
```

## Features

- **Automatic Arduino Detection:** Automatically detects connected Arduino devices via serial ports.

> - **Data Reading:** Reads and processes data packets from the Arduino.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data Reading:** Reads ModularEEG P2 format data packets from the Arduino's serial port.
```
